:memo: add note about future SDK team (#17072)
github/docs: content/rest/overview/libraries.md

{% warning %}

> Warning: As of late October 2021, the offical Octokit libraries are not currently maintained. However, please note that a dedicated SDK team is being built! For more information, reference [Issue #620 in the octokit.js repository](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.js/discussions/620).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: As of late October 2021, the offical Octokit libraries are not currently maintained. For more information, see [this discussion in the octokit.js repository](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.js/discussions/620).
```
